Not yet determined
But I think
The old family should have found some clues
Deliberately hide
I'm going back to Blind Village to find clues
Go ahead and check carefully
What dad didn't finish
I'll do it for him
The people that dad didn't kill
I'll kill Mr. Zhao for him
homeowner
That Risen Bank
Now withholding a loan from us
Now the upstream and downstream industries are urging us to pay.
If this doesn't slow down today
The industrial chain of our Chen family
Will be devastated
Now the Jiang family
Are absorbing our share all over the world?
Really? My father left me a mess
Or is it a problem you deliberately gave me?
Oops, you misunderstood at home.
Today's crisis in your family is caused by the Jiang family
They have all gone to send the national army to divide the bank
Who knew they detained the country there?
It's the Jiang family again
I'm going to go and see for myself
Hehe young master
I have a card here.
With this card
Even if you go to the bank to withdraw the cash
No one dares to care if you wear gold in the Ruifeng vault.
true or false?
I only have 6 cards in the world
The young master only needs to know
With this card
You are the invincible father of Ruifeng Bank
just right
Hello, please take me to the VIP service hall of your bank.
Ok sir, this way please.
Yes, sir. Is there a problem?